Platformer that combines RPG with fast-paced action gameplay!

Exciting platformer that combines the RPG genre with fast-paced action gameplay. Magic Rampage features character customization and dozens of weapons to wield, from knives to magical staves. Each dungeon introduces the player to new obstacles, enemies and secret areas to explore. Search Bonus levels, strive for victory in Survival mode, join forces with friendly NPCs and battle it out in challenging Boss fights.

Magic Rampage features an exciting online Competitive Mode where players around the globe compete to see who's the best in randomly generated dungeons; featuring unique bosses, exclusive new items and content!

Magic Rampage brings back the look and feel of the very best classic platformers from the 90's, introducing refreshed and engaging gameplay mechanics. If you miss platformers from the 16-bit era, and think games nowadays aren't that good anymore, think twice! Magic Rampage is for you.

Magic Rampage supports joysticks, gamepads and physical keyboard for even more accurate gameplay responsiveness.

CAMPAIGN

Venture into castles, swamps and forests to fight powerful monsters, giant spiders, dragons, bats, zombies, ghosts, and tough bosses! Choose your class, dress your armor and grab your best weapon among knives, hammers, magical staves, and much more! Find out what happened to the King and uncover the fate of the kingdom!

COMPETITIVE

Challenge other players in randomly generated dungeons with a huge variety of obstacles, enemies and bosses! You can also challenge your friends. 

The more you compete, the higher your ranking, and the closer you'll be to being featured in the great Hall of Fame!

WEEKLY DUNGEONS - Live ops!

A new Dungeon every week! Each week, players will be presented with unique challenges and epic rewards from the Golden Chest!

Weekly Dungeons offer time and star challenges in three levels of difficulty. Additionally, you get extra Rank points every day you complete it.

CHARACTER CUSTOMIZATION

Choose your class: Mage, Warrior, Druid, Warlock, Rogue, Paladin, Thief and many more! Customize your character's weapons and armor and pick the perfect gear according to your own needs. Armor and weapons may also have their magical elements: fire, water, air, earth, light and darkness, to help you suit your hero to your playing style.

SURVIVOR MODE

Test your strength! Enter the wildest dungeons and fight your way against the most sinister threats! The longer you stay alive, the more gold and weapons you will get as a reward! Survival Mode is a great way for you to gain new weapons, armor and lots of gold to equip your character.

THE TAVERN

We're excited to unveil The Tavern! A social lobby where players can gather and interact with friends in real-time. Within this space, you'll find opportunities to purchase exclusive power-ups and partake in mini-games with fellow players.

The Tavern is also designed to promote random encounters with fellow players from around the globe, offering a chance to forge new friendships.

THE SHOP

Meet the salesman and browse his shop. He offers the best gear you will find around the kingdom, including the rare runes, which you can use to upgrade all your equipment. Despite being bad-tempered, he will be crucial on your fight against challenges waiting for you!

LOCAL VERSUS MODE

Do you have an Android TV? Plug in two gamepads and invite your friends to play with you! We've created a versus mode featuring the main characters in the game, with battle arenas based on the Campaign mode's Dungeons. Speed and determination are the keys to victory! Pick up weapons inside the crates across the arena, kill NPCs and keep an eye on your opponent!

<button url="http://magicrampage.com/beta/">Join beta</button>
<button url="http://magicrampage.com/forums/">Community forums</button>